So now they are after the legendary crime buster and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC Rudy Giuliani He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA Deep State Shameful! Louisiana get out and vote REPUBLICAN before going to the big game today A runoff will be a tremendous win for your Great State lower taxes and car insurance and better protection of your Amendment! Fantastic being with you last night! Other aspects of the deal are also great technology financial services Billion in Boeing Planes etc but WOW the Farmers really hit pay dirt! Thank you to all Republicans in Congress for your invaluable help! The deal I just made with China is by far the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country In fact there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out Thank you China! The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker We train our boys to be killing machines then prosecute them when they kill! Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower Schiff is a lying mess! LOUISIANA Tomorrow you will head to the polls and VOTE to REPLACE Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor! Get out and vote for either or BOTH GREAT! Louisiana REPUBLICANS thank you for a great evening Get out TOMORROW and VOTE REPUBLICAN! Send the Radical Democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to FIRE your Democrat Governor John Bel Edwards and send a Great Republican to the Governor’s Mansion! I never saw so many subpoenas! The Democrats have gone Crazy Just read the Transcript or listen to the New Ukraine President’s statement NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job Impeach Schiff for FRAUD! So funny to watch Steve Kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about China He chocked and looks weak and pathetic Don’t want him at the White House! WHERE’S HUNTER? President has arrived at the James E Sudduth Coliseum in Lake Charles Louisiana Get out TOMORROW and VO Thank you Kevin McAleenan for your dedication and service to our country! You have done great work securing our border and we are t Biden's Ukraine warning President Trump departing the shortly for Louisiana! Is he leaving due to bad ratings or some other less important reason? Just landed in Louisiana! Vote against John Bel Edwards he has the worst jobs record in the United States Louisiana will do much better by electing a REPUBLICAN See everyone soon! Congratulations Kevin on a job well done! I will be announcing the new Acting Secretary next week Many wonderful candidates! Kevin McAleenan has done an outstanding job as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security We have worked well together with Border Crossings being way down Kevin now after many years in Government wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector Women are absolutely critical to the National Security of a Nation need to be brought to the negotiating table during pe A terrible and very dishonest person! President has authorized a new executive order giving in consultation with himself and McCabe's admission We love you THANK YOU! We love you THANK YOU! NFL FLASHBACK Really good news! The old barriers along our southern border were built to defend against vehicle crossingsand not much else How comprehen Being in contact with a key witness and then lying about it renders Adam Schiff unqualified to lead a fair and just inqu It breaks my heart every time I speak to one of these victims can intervene before preventable crimes happen by Sean lays out what’s REALLY behind the Dems’ impeachment hysteria and all of their phony witch hunts Watch! htt Collins RIPS Dems Conducting an impeachment investigation behind closed doors isn’t just unprecedentedit’s unAmerican So Great! In Kansas City today Gov Mike Parson US Sen presidential advisor Secretary Alex Azar and Really? New survey reveals that of adults find it hard to make new friends the average adult has not made a new friend in The White House Refuses to Legitimize’ the Illegitimate’ Impeachment Inquiry new construction jobs new manufacturing jobs Jobless rate down from to Minnesotans are winning We are striving to ensure all hardworking Americans have access to highquality affordable childcare Thank you Trump Doral to host political fest with Trump Jr Sarah Sanders and Corey Lewandowski News The Palm Beach Post W USMCA updates NAFTA to achieve goals that Democrats have long claimed to support So what’s the holdup? Yesterday had President arrives at the Target Center in Minneapolis Minnesota for a MASSIVE TRUMP RALLY Speechless t A Giant Scam! Amazing Evening! will build on the strong economy benefitting farmers small businesses and manufacturers across the country Were just waiting on Congress Jed Clark Kentucky Farmer Farmers in Kentucky and all across America are waiting for The Do Nothing Democrats Thanks Vicky! Do you believe this? A total Scam! More overflow tonight WOW! Happening Now Tune in this morning at I have accepted an offer to join the Advisory Board I think this an important added role for me to take on Median household income is at a record high The average household saw a tax cut Unemployment has fallen to USMCA passage China deal should be a onetwo punch’ Rep Tom Reed MAGA in Minnesota! A great evening in beautiful Minnesota! What a disgraceful legal system for this guy to still be around after all of these years A vicious killer who destroyed so many great people families! Thank you for Pledging to providing retraining scholarships over the next yrs in Artificial intellig National Security Adviser Robert OBrien We made this very clear to President Erdogan early on that the invasion of Syria Will be with our two GREAT Senators tonight in Louisiana These two hard working really smart men love their Country and love their State We will hopefully add a Great New Republican Governor to the beautiful Louisiana mix! See you tonight! One of the great things about the China Deal is the fact that for various reasons we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex Congressional Approval Process When the deal is fully negotiated I sign it myself on behalf of our Country Fast and Clean! I will be in Louisiana tonight Love it! to get Republicans to vote for either of our two great Republican Candidates and force a run off with John Bel Edwards who has done a really poor job of tax cutting car insurance cost worst in USA is suspect on your Amendment! Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting Warmer feelings than in recent past more like the Old Days I will be meeting with the Vice Premier today All would like to see something significant happen! Over the next months we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul and we are going to win the Great State of Minnesota in A GREAT evening in Minneapolis Minnesota with incredible American Patriots THANK YOU! The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership The United States stands by that statement and stands by This article is FAKE NEWS! WOW THANK YOU Minneapolis Minnesota on my way! We have one of three choices Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds! We defeated of the ISIS Caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by Turkey in Syria We did our job perfectly! Now Turkey is attacking the Kurds who have been fighting each other for years Big day of negotiations with China They want to make a deal but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House Why isn’t the IG investigating his socalled Whistleblower? All bad info! The President of the Ukraine just stated again in the strongest of language that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong He used the strongest language possible That should end this Democrat Scam but it won’t because the Dems Media are FIXED! Thank you to One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting It is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new consistent and powerful VOICE! See you tonight at the Big Rally in Minneapolis the area and start a new war all over again Turkey is a member of NATO Others say STAY OUT let the Kurds fight their own battles even with our financial help I say hit Turkey very hard financially with sanctions if they don’t play by the rules! I am watching closely Turkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time They have been fighting forever We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS Talking to both sides Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to See you soon in Kansas City Missouri Today You can always impeach if you are in the majority and if you want to commit suicide that's what This is not an impeachment This is a coup the left hates trump that inc Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy! Court Justice I turned him down he’s been terrible ever since Shep Smith who gave Crooked Hillary the debate questions got fired from others doesn’t deliver for US anymore It is so different than it used to be Oh well I’m President! From the day I announced I was running for President I have NEVER had a good Poll Whoever their Pollster is they suck But is also much different than it used to be in the good old days With people like Andrew Napolitano who wanted to be a Supreme Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told reporters Thursday his controversial July call with President Trump involved no bribe blackmail or quid pro quo as impeachmentminded Democrats claim This should immediately end the talk of impeachment! In case the Kurds or Turkey lose control the United States has already taken the ISIS militants tied to beheadings in Syria known as the Beetles out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the US They are the worst of the worst! Impeached for what having created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country building our strongest ever Military Cutting Taxes too much? A different take! President Trump criticizes Steve Kerr and Gregg Popovich both vocal critics of Trump when asked about China putting pr I don’t think it’s a Whistleblower at all I think this is an anonymous source for the Democratic Staff in the House of Representatives This is an insult to real Whistleblowers Actual Whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended John Kiriakou The hardest thing I have to do as President Sleepy Joe Biden! So pathetic to see Sleepy Joe Biden who with his son Hunter and to the detriment of the American Taxpayer has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars calling for my impeachment and I did nothing wrong Joe’s Failing Campaign gave him no other choice! Only percent want the President Impeached which is pretty low considering the volume of Fake News coverage but pretty high considering the fact that I did NOTHING wrong It is all just a continuation of the greatest Scam and Witch Hunt in the history of our Country! So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone else’s Campaign in order to win that didn’t work out so well and if they were unable to fill important Federal Judgeships a record by far handing them all to me to choose Will have soon! DACA stand with all of its negative legal implications the Republicans and Democrats will have a DEAL to let them stay in our Country in very short order It would actually benefit DACA and be done the right way! President Obama said that he did not have the right to sign DACA that it will never hold up in court He signed it anyway! If the Supreme Court upholds DACA it gives the President extraordinary powers far greater than ever thought If they do what is right and do not let Dems are now willing to hurt our economy AND the economy of Mexicoall to deny Trump a win on USMCA Mexico is urging P Crooked Hillary should try it again! Congratulations to the Great State of Louisiana A big night You will soon have a new and wonderful Governor Your Taxes and Car Insurance Payments will go DOWN! CA Republicans tried to repeal new gas tax Unfortunately DemSocialistsMedia rejected it Now we pay the price here in CA Did Mueller lie to Congress about meeting with Trump before he took the special counsel job? Fox News ht Thanks Brian! The same people that got us into the Middle East Quicksand Trillion Dollars and many thousands of lives and millions of lives when you count the other side are now fighting to keep us there Don’t listen to people that haven’t got a clue They have proven to be inept! The Governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards has done a poor job NOW HE IS IN A RUNOFF WITH A GREAT REPUBLICAN Thank you Louisiana! down to after I explained what a bad job the Governor was doing The Endless Wars Must End! Start thinking about getting bigger tractors! That is the real story! There has been a lot of noise since decided to call for impeachment before having the facts Here are a few Why won’t the media ask these questions to or Why won’t Democrats focus on helping the country instead of attacking the President with this unfair and partisan process? Happy National Farmers Day! Lockdown?? gave me unprecedented access at State this week Answered all my questions about Ukrai So now they are after the legendary crime buster and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC Rudy Giuliani He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA Deep State Shameful! Louisiana get out and vote REPUBLICAN before going to the big game today A runoff will be a tremendous win for your Great State lower taxes and car insurance and better protection of your Amendment! Fantastic being with you last night! Other aspects of the deal are also great technology financial services Billion in Boeing Planes etc but WOW the Farmers really hit pay dirt! Thank you to all Republicans in Congress for your invaluable help! The deal I just made with China is by far the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country In fact there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out Thank you China! The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker We train our boys to be killing machines then prosecute them when they kill! Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower Schiff is a lying mess! LOUISIANA Tomorrow you will head to the polls and VOTE to REPLACE Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor! Get out and vote for either or BOTH GREAT! Louisiana REPUBLICANS thank you for a great evening Get out TOMORROW and VOTE REPUBLICAN! Send the Radical Democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to FIRE your Democrat Governor John Bel Edwards and send a Great Republican to the Governor’s Mansion! I never saw so many subpoenas! The Democrats have gone Crazy Just read the Transcript or listen to the New Ukraine President’s statement NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job Impeach Schiff for FRAUD! So funny to watch Steve Kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about China He chocked and looks weak and pathetic Don’t want him at the White House! WHERE’S HUNTER? President has arrived at the James E Sudduth Coliseum in Lake Charles Louisiana Get out TOMORROW and VO Thank you Kevin McAleenan for your dedication and service to our country! You have done great work securing our border and we are t Biden's Ukraine warning President Trump departing the shortly for Louisiana! Is he leaving due to bad ratings or some other less important reason? Just landed in Louisiana! Vote against John Bel Edwards he has the worst jobs record in the United States Louisiana will do much better by electing a REPUBLICAN See everyone soon! Congratulations Kevin on a job well done! I will be announcing the new Acting Secretary next week Many wonderful candidates! Kevin McAleenan has done an outstanding job as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security We have worked well together with Border Crossings being way down Kevin now after many years in Government wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector Women are absolutely critical to the National Security of a Nation need to be brought to the negotiating table during pe A terrible and very dishonest person! President has authorized a new executive order giving in consultation with himself and McCabe's admission We love you THANK YOU! We love you THANK YOU! NFL FLASHBACK Really good news! The old barriers along our southern border were built to defend against vehicle crossingsand not much else How comprehen Being in contact with a key witness and then lying about it renders Adam Schiff unqualified to lead a fair and just inqu It breaks my heart every time I speak to one of these victims can intervene before preventable crimes happen by Sean lays out what’s REALLY behind the Dems’ impeachment hysteria and all of their phony witch hunts Watch! htt Collins RIPS Dems Conducting an impeachment investigation behind closed doors isn’t just unprecedentedit’s unAmerican So Great! In Kansas City today Gov Mike Parson US Sen presidential advisor Secretary Alex Azar and Really? New survey reveals that of adults find it hard to make new friends the average adult has not made a new friend in The White House Refuses to Legitimize’ the Illegitimate’ Impeachment Inquiry new construction jobs new manufacturing jobs Jobless rate down from to Minnesotans are winning We are striving to ensure all hardworking Americans have access to highquality affordable childcare Thank you Trump Doral to host political fest with Trump Jr Sarah Sanders and Corey Lewandowski News The Palm Beach Post W USMCA updates NAFTA to achieve goals that Democrats have long claimed to support So what’s the holdup? Yesterday had President arrives at the Target Center in Minneapolis Minnesota for a MASSIVE TRUMP RALLY Speechless t A Giant Scam! Amazing Evening! will build on the strong economy benefitting farmers small businesses and manufacturers across the country Were just waiting on Congress Jed Clark Kentucky Farmer Farmers in Kentucky and all across America are waiting for The Do Nothing Democrats Thanks Vicky! Do you believe this? A total Scam! More overflow tonight WOW! Happening Now Tune in this morning at I have accepted an offer to join the Advisory Board I think this an important added role for me to take on Median household income is at a record high The average household saw a tax cut Unemployment has fallen to USMCA passage China deal should be a onetwo punch’ Rep Tom Reed MAGA in Minnesota! A great evening in beautiful Minnesota! What a disgraceful legal system for this guy to still be around after all of these years A vicious killer who destroyed so many great people families! Thank you for Pledging to providing retraining scholarships over the next yrs in Artificial intellig National Security Adviser Robert OBrien We made this very clear to President Erdogan early on that the invasion of Syria Will be with our two GREAT Senators tonight in Louisiana These two hard working really smart men love their Country and love their State We will hopefully add a Great New Republican Governor to the beautiful Louisiana mix! See you tonight! One of the great things about the China Deal is the fact that for various reasons we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex Congressional Approval Process When the deal is fully negotiated I sign it myself on behalf of our Country Fast and Clean! I will be in Louisiana tonight Love it! to get Republicans to vote for either of our two great Republican Candidates and force a run off with John Bel Edwards who has done a really poor job of tax cutting car insurance cost worst in USA is suspect on your Amendment! Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting Warmer feelings than in recent past more like the Old Days I will be meeting with the Vice Premier today All would like to see something significant happen! Over the next months we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul and we are going to win the Great State of Minnesota in A GREAT evening in Minneapolis Minnesota with incredible American Patriots THANK YOU! The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership The United States stands by that statement and stands by This article is FAKE NEWS! WOW THANK YOU Minneapolis Minnesota on my way! We have one of three choices Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds! We defeated of the ISIS Caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by Turkey in Syria We did our job perfectly! Now Turkey is attacking the Kurds who have been fighting each other for years Big day of negotiations with China They want to make a deal but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House Why isn’t the IG investigating his socalled Whistleblower? All bad info! The President of the Ukraine just stated again in the strongest of language that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong He used the strongest language possible That should end this Democrat Scam but it won’t because the Dems Media are FIXED! Thank you to One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting It is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new consistent and powerful VOICE! See you tonight at the Big Rally in Minneapolis the area and start a new war all over again Turkey is a member of NATO Others say STAY OUT let the Kurds fight their own battles even with our financial help I say hit Turkey very hard financially with sanctions if they don’t play by the rules! I am watching closely Turkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time They have been fighting forever We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS Talking to both sides Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to See you soon in Kansas City Missouri Today You can always impeach if you are in the majority and if you want to commit suicide that's what This is not an impeachment This is a coup the left hates trump that inc Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy! We now have the greatest Economy in history! A great group of Champions! Looks good to me! Just out MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER EVER EVER! How about saying it this way IN THE HISTO Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriat As Hispanic Heritage Month wraps up please see my interview with about the and the benefits fo Great new book just released by The Case Against Socialism Rand Paul Hardcover Pick up your copy today It also brings Shifty’s fraudulent MADE UP CALL which he read to the United States Congress pretending it to be the words of President Trump which they were not! Nancy Pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on and much more! Shifty Adam Schiff wants to rest his entire case on a Whistleblower who he now says can’t testify the reason he can’t testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the Presidential telephone call is a fraud totally different from the actual transcribed call The amazing comeback reminds us to never give up and never lose faith When you work hard support each other believe in yourself and give it everything youve got victory is always within reach! Congratulations Now that we have found out that is a virtual fraud rumor has it that Jeff Zucker will be resigining momentarily? Join me in Dallas Texas this Thursday October at the American Airlines Center! Tickets He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Get out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Mississippi there is a VERY important election for Governor on November I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee Tate is strong on Crime tough on Illegal Immigration and will protect your Second Amendment Just out MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER EVER EVER! How about saying it this way IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! Also MORE PEOPLE WORKING TODAY IN THE USA THAN AT ANY TIME IN HISTORY! Tough numbers for the Radical Left Democrats to beat! Impeach the Pres Governor has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement and always has! Hunter Biden was really bad on Now Sleepy Joe has real problems! Reminds me of Crooked Hillary and her deleted Emails not recoverable! Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the Fake News Let the facts come out from the charade of people most of whom I do not know they are interviewing for hours each not selective leaks Project VeritasObtained Undercover Videos Highlight Jeff Zucker’s Campaign To Destroy Trump Videos Reveal BIAS! Does this sound like a good or even great lawsuit? A big scandal at News They got caught using really gruesome FAKE footage of the Turks bombing in Syria A real disgrace Tomorrow they will ask softball questions to Sleepy Joe Biden’s son Hunter like why did Ukraine China pay you millions when you knew nothing? Payoff? Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower who started the whole Scam The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcript Also the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned! The House gone rogue! I want to remind you a little bit about the ring leader in this whole rogue operation against the President of the United States It doesn't speak for the FULL HOUSE because the FULL HOUSE hasn't spoken The Democrat Party is pushing this Impeachment This is a Democrat Party Impeachment as I have been saying a silent COUP effort The Democrat Party has hijacked the House of Representatives Statement from President Donald J Trump Regarding Turkey’s Actions in Northeast Syria I would much rather focus on our Southern Border which abuts and is part of the United States of America And by the way numbers are way down and the WALL is being built! Some people want the United States to protect the mile away Border of Syria presided over by Bashar alAssad our enemy At the same time Syria and whoever they chose to help wants naturally to protect the Kurds and Assad to protect the land of our enemy? Anyone who wants to assist Syria in protecting the Kurds is good with me whether it is Russia China or Napoleon Bonaparte I hope they all do great we are miles away! After defeating of the ISIS Caliphate I largely moved our troops out of Syria Let Syria and Assad protect the Kurds and fight Turkey for their own land I said to my Generals why should we be fighting for Syria Don't the Europeans have a lot of responsibility? Thank you Katie I offered ISIS prisoners to the European countries from where they came and was rejected on numerous occasions They probably figured that the US would bear the tremendous cost as always! To his credit the Europeans didn't step up to deal with this ISIS problem it’s a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today Now Angela Merkel of Germany is finally stepping up and telling Turkey to back off Great new book Resistance At All Costs How Trump Haters Are Breaking America out by Kimberley Strassel of the Wall Street Journal Kim has treated us fairly and for that I am very appreciative Check it out today it is great! of the correction which they knew about full well! Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll Analysis The Fox Impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect This was announced on Friday Despite this the Corrupt New York Times used this poll in one of its stories no mention America First! networks could be active in to years Cisco CEO Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him Only softball questions of him please! Will be looking into the Scott Hapgood case and the Island of Anguilla Something looks and sounds very wrong I know Anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved! Vote for good guy tonight on Dancing With The Stars He has always been there for us! Happy Columbus Day! The same people who got us into the Middle East mess are the people who most want to stay there! Kurds may be releasing some to get us involved Easily recaptured by Turkey or European Nations from where many came but they should move quickly Big sanctions on Turkey coming! Do people really think we should go to war with NATO Member Turkey? Never ending wars will end! Brian Kilmeade over at got it all wrong We are not going into another war between people who have been fighting with each other for years Europe had a chance to get their ISIS prisoners but didn’t want the cost Let the USA pay they said Former Democrat Senator Harry Reid just stated that Donald Trump is very smart much more popular than people think is underestimated and will be hard to beat in the Election Thank you Harry I agree! Democrat’s game was foiled when we caught Schiff fraudulently making up my Ukraine conversation when I released the exact conversation Transcript and when Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister said there was NO PRESSURE very normal talk! A total Impeachment Scam! Adam Schiff now doesn’t seem to want the Whistleblower to testify NO! Must testify to explain why he got my Ukraine conversation sooo wrong not even close Did Schiff tell him to do that? We must determine the Whistleblower’s identity to determine WHY this was done to the USA The Democrats are trashing this President in the process trashing the US Constitution Frankly the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that theyre willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic Congressman Adam Schiff who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided he’d better make up one of hi BY THE WAY DON’T CALL ME AGAIN ILL CALL YOU WHEN YOUVE DONE WHAT IVE ASKED’ A reminder that wasn’t just s Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States Somebody please explain to Chris Wallace of Fox who will never be his father and my friend Mike Wallace that the Phone Conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was a congenial good one It was only Schiff’s made up version of that conversation that was bad! The US has the worst of the ISIS prisoners Turkey and the Kurds must not let them escape Europe should have taken them back after numerous requests They should do it now They will never come to or be allowed in the United States! on is doing a big show tonight on the Democrat’s Impeachment Scam PM No guests just Mark He is angry like so many others! At PM on Steve Hilton is looking into the Crooked Bidens Where’s Hunter? BY THE WAY DON’T CALL ME AGAIN ILL CALL YOU WHEN YOUVE DONE WHAT IVE ASKED’ A reminder that wasn’t just stupid it was FALSE I never said this Schiff made it up and read it to Congress the American People End Witch Hunt! Congressman Adam Schiff who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided he’d better make up one of his own I’m going to say this only SEVEN times so you better listen good I want you to MAKE UP DIRT ON MY POLITICAL OPPONENT UNDERSTAND LOTS OF IT AND CHINA HAS ALREADY BEGUN AGRICULTURAL PURCHASES FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS RANCHERS! I agreed not to increase Tariffs from to on October They will remain at The relationship with China is very good We will finish out the large Phase One part of the deal then head directly into Phase Two The Phase One Deal can be finalized signed soon! My deal with China is that they will IMMEDIATELY start buying very large quantities of our Agricultural Product not wait until the deal is signed over the next or weeks THEY HAVE ALREADY STARTED! Likewise financial services and other deal aspects start preparing The Democrats are going to lose a lot of House Seats because of their Fraudulent use of Impeachment Schiff fabricated phone call a crime Democrat Senate Seats will also be put at risk even some that were supposedly safe Look at Louisiana last night North Carolina last week! Happy Birthday We have become a far greater Economic Power than ever before and we are using that power for WORLD PEACE! Where’s Hunter? He has totally disappeared! Now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! Media is AWOL Dealing with and many members of Congress including Democrats about imposing powerful Sanctions on Turkey Treasury is ready to go additional legislation may be sought There is great consensus on this Turkey has asked that it not be done Stay tuned! The Kurds and Turkey have been fighting for many years Turkey considers the PKK the worst terrorists of all Others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other Let them! We are monitoring the situation closely Endless Wars! Do you remember two years ago when Iraq was going to fight the Kurds in a different part of Syria Many people wanted us to fight with the Kurds against Iraq who we just fought for I said no and the Kurds left the fight twice Now the same thing is happening with Turkey Very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the Turkish Border for a change Those that mistakenly got us into the Middle East Wars are still pushing to fight They have no idea what a bad decision they have made Why are they not asking for a Declaration of War? The Media is not talking about the big Republican victory last night in Louisiana where a sitting Democrat Governor was forced into a runoff by not getting Big upset! Now who will be a great Governor will win! A despicable human being! Congratulations to the Great State of Louisiana A big night You will soon have a new and wonderful Governor Your Taxes and Car Insurance Payments will go DOWN! CA Republicans tried to repeal new gas tax Unfortunately DemSocialistsMedia rejected it Now we pay the price here in CA Did Mueller lie to Congress about meeting with Trump before he took the special counsel job? Fox News ht Thanks Brian! The same people that got us into the Middle East Quicksand Trillion Dollars and many thousands of lives and millions of lives when you count the other side are now fighting to keep us there Don’t listen to people that haven’t got a clue They have proven to be inept! The Governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards has done a poor job NOW HE IS IN A RUNOFF WITH A GREAT REPUBLICAN Thank you Louisiana! down to after I explained what a bad job the Governor was doing The Endless Wars Must End! Start thinking about getting bigger tractors! That is the real story! There has been a lot of noise since decided to call for impeachment before having the facts Here are a few Why won’t the media ask these questions to or Why won’t Democrats focus on helping the country instead of attacking the President with this unfair and partisan process? Happy National Farmers Day! Lockdown?? gave me unprecedented access at State this week Answered all my questions about Ukrai So now they are after the legendary crime buster and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC Rudy Giuliani He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA Deep State Shameful! Louisiana get out and vote REPUBLICAN before going to the big game today A runoff will be a tremendous win for your Great State lower taxes and car insurance and better protection of your Amendment! Fantastic being with you last night! Other aspects of the deal are also great technology financial services Billion in Boeing Planes etc but WOW the Farmers really hit pay dirt! Thank you to all Republicans in Congress for your invaluable help! The deal I just made with China is by far the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country In fact there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out Thank you China! The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker We train our boys to be killing machines then prosecute them when they kill! Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower Schiff is a lying mess! LOUISIANA Tomorrow you will head to the polls and VOTE to REPLACE Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor! Get out and vote for either or BOTH GREAT! Louisiana REPUBLICANS thank you for a great evening Get out TOMORROW and VOTE REPUBLICAN! Send the Radical Democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to FIRE your Democrat Governor John Bel Edwards and send a Great Republican to the Governor’s Mansion! 